Remove embedded ldap related content (#3264)
wso2/docs-is: en/docs/deploy/configure-a-read-only-ldap-user-store.md

# Configure a Read-only LDAP Userstore

> WSO2 identity server uses embedded H2 database as the primary userstore.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
WSO2 Identity Server uses the embedded H2 database as the primary user store.
```

<td>ConnectionURL</td>
<td>connection_url</td>
<td>Connection URL</td>

> <td><p>This is the connection URL to the userstore server.</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<td><p>This is the connection URL to the user store server.</p>
```
